Medallia allows organizations to
understand customer journeys detect
patterns and predict behavior with our
machine learning and AI and to transform
experiences all at scale to drive
significant return on investment
organisations can capture experience
signals through a myriad of channels at
a multitude of touch points of both
structured and unstructured data
organizations get a 360 view of
customers in Medallia experience cloud
by combining experience signals with
data from established systems like
Salesforce Marketo Adobe workday ERP or
most internal systems frontline
employees can see their individual
satisfaction scores submit ideas about
the business and respond directly to
customer alerts via email or by phone
all within Medallia mobile frontline
dashboards allow employees to see their
scores at a moment over time compared to
others and to quickly and easily respond
to customers people or area managers see
their specific business without setting
complicated filters or digging through
data they can respond to customer alerts
to resolve issues medallion Athena our
AI layer serves up areas to improve and
comparisons to other stores they can see
how their team is performing who our
standout performers and who could use
coaching executives see an overview of
the entire business at a moment and over
time to help drive decision-making
insights and impact are bubbled up by
Medallia athena to be easy to view and
understand
[Music]
executives love Medallia voices a mobile
application that serves selected
customer feedback executives can send
compliments or bring attention to
necessary Corrections CX professionals
see scores across an entire customer
journey to track satisfaction by touch
point they can help improve experiences
with suggested actions and experiences
drivers determined by Medallia athena
they can understand how themes and
topics impact satisfaction through
medallion text analytics and theme
explore which uses natural language
processing sentiment analysis and deep
learning to discover themes determine
sentiment and provide impactful insights
they can a be test initiatives
understand the health of their programs
deep dive into specific topics and much
more
CX program managers know the right data
is going to the right people as Medallia
experience cloud dynamically models
organization to match their continually
evolving structure with morg sink a
differentiator for medallion and to make
sure systemic problems get solved
employees can submit internal feedback
when closing a case tracking issues to
determine and fix root causes or general
business suggestions they can also tap
into existing systems and work flips
like workplace by Facebook Salesforce
slack workday and others to share
information or escalate cases with
Medallia employees from executives to
the frontline can see feedback
understand satisfaction across an entire
journey and they're empowered to take
impactful action they can respond to
experience gaps or take proactive action
to create in the moment cross-sell and
upsell opportunities and deliver
extraordinary experiences
[Music]